Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,uni, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it's not, it's not, it's not, that's not the way life is.
This episode is sponsored by Mank. That's MOOP plus FING.
a month, and if we could accomplish that,
then COVID would be wiped out.
We could do it, and actually any municipality
that could regulate its borders could clear the disease
if we could accomplish that, but I believe it.
Right.
I believe it.
But you can tell if someone's lying,
you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied, I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't wanna lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar, I don't wanna be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
LAUGHTER
You
Like
Why aren't you playing?
Man, I'm like an amateur over here. What's going on?
So I'm gonna address this Ibermectin comment in the chat right now
Jonston 72 welcome to the show
I'm only knowledge can dispel the enchantment and so let's just get to the knowledge right now
If you've been here for a while you're here at the top of the wave if not
You might be a skilled TV watcher in need of rescue if you're here now for the first time be aware that we're gonna stay focused on the biology
We aren't gonna take any of their bait on television. We are gonna love our neighbor
So get ready for that this works because people share it
So if you're here for the first time, please think about sharing it if you enjoy it
You can find and share our work at giggleonbiological.com and I say our work because my wife
Makes this possible. My wife is doing a lot of the answering of emails and
Coordinating some of the responses and mail and things that have to happen
And it's made it a lot easier
You know, she makes everything possible at this stage because all of what we are doing here is Mike Bantonberg next day is
Is important
You know, we've got three kids and we've got to find a way to make this work
It's a lot of work to put this stuff together to keep on top of this
And and to produce an hour and a half or two hours every day is is tough
And that's a lot a lot of times why I don't have an hour and a half or two hours produced every day
But I try as much as I can because of these people. Thank you very much
There are also people who subscribe at sub stack. There are also people who just send stuff to
PO box and so this independent bright web is a is an effort of more than
150 or 200 people right now
Including the five people in my family and all of you that share the screen. Thank you very much
It's just, you know, it's an illusion that is sustained by our participation and
Only if we can start to learn to communicate
This more effectively are we gonna be able to pull more people out or help?
Help other people to understand how important United non-compliance is gonna be in the future. I
Think
United non-compliance is gonna be so important in the future
You might have it turned up a little bit too loud. Did you lose sound?
I didn't lose any sound here. Yeah, if anyone else lose sound, I don't think so
So
Let's talk about that for a second
I'm glad you figured it out there Fletch
So I remecked him. What an interesting blow. That was a little grimy there. Sorry about that
Let's just go right here and let's switch up to the desk
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is Gigo and biological a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you a biologist
That biologist is named Jonathan Cooey. That's me. I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
This is the back of my garage
The light is moving back there a little bit. There's some kids on the trampoline and
Hopefully that won't be too distracting for everybody
Welcome to the show. It's the 13th of April. I believe it's Saturday
Yeah, it's Saturday
We had we've already been to the gym today. That's why I'm a little bit late today
And we have lots and lots and lots of work to do
They have the the cordwood is really stacked up at this stage. There is so much
Just raw material out there waiting to be turned upside down and and inside out so that you can see exactly how
how
How grease the wheels were at the beginning of the pandemic how grease the wheels were even before the pandemic was declared
And how happy everybody was to slide on that grease the moment the pandemic was declared
There was it was nothing but a room of giddy excited CEOs
that we watched yesterday
in fact, it was actually quite alarming to think of the sheer number of hours of
like per hour charge that would be normally accrued in that room all those people
Johnson and Johnson Moderna
Iverm
Ivermectin I was gonna say
Inovio, I mean all these
Regeneron that guy Regeneron. He sure got a lot of was named Ben
Or something like that. He sure got a lot of tips from from Donald Trump to to add his two cents in
It really seemed one thing that was quite obvious that I think Jessica Hockett did a really good job of pointing out
It seemed really
Conspicuous to me that these people were talking so much
Paying so much lip service to the value of the flu shot
Now a lot of these companies don't even really make a flu shot or if they do it's probably not their flagship
You know sort of product and yet all of them
Seemed almost obliged as if you know you got to say that the Emperor's new robes look nice
Or I don't know what what was it that the Arab tail goes like you say a deer is a donkey or something like that
Or a goat is a deer and then that that was like signaling that you were going along with the
With the ruse. I don't know that story. Anyway
It just really felt strange
And also, you know how
It's too bad that this is happening, you know, we've lost six lives in America so far that the tragic news of the sixth
Coronavirus victim was talked about briefly by Secretary Azar and it just all seemed so
contrived and
And
Somebody in the chat yesterday used the term kefabe, you know, this kind of fake wrestling thing. I think that's actually an eric Weinstein
Intellectual dark web dude
I think he's the one who said that a lot of this stuff was like that but unfortunately
As clever as he is he's not able to see that this kefabe or whatever the heck it is
So however you say it correctly
That these these people could also have entirely
pantomime the
The bioterrorism threat for for several decades now
Maybe not at first maybe at first they thought yeah in 40 years. We might get it in 20 years
We might get it
But now it's it's come time where they don't they don't have it
It's not there and there isn't this kind of danger and now they need to create it and
That's what this conscious and intelligent this over here this conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is all about
It's not just about baseball and Nike shoes. It's not just about buying toilet paper when they want you to buy toilet paper
It's about what you think
And what you imagine are the the precarious dangers of the world
And of course they don't want you to think about the food that you eat or the products that you buy
They want you to think about imaginary things in mother nature that you have no control over and can't even detect
Without the help of their products
Think about how incredible it is that that we were we really allowed them to do this to us all of us did
Because even if you go back to the youtube videos that I was making in april and may of 2020
You'll see a guy that's fully on board with the idea that something could have been spilled and be spreading right now
We could see waves of it for for for a while. I don't know. I didn't know
And how could any of us have known given the fact that what we saw yesterday there were
Actually billions of dollars of commercial interest ready to perpetuate this narrative
Irrespective of the danger
It was like a damned up. It's like a whole bunch of water behind a dam
And and you've lined up the dynamite's been blown. There's nothing. This is going
And so all the people on the rafts up there like whoa here we go
Finally we've been waiting
And of course that dam is money
Unbridled unchecked un
Unaudited money
I mean we're yelling and screaming about the
The money that was given to small businesses for
For employees to pay for them not being at work and stuff like that and we're worried about that
We're supposed to be worried about people's student loans getting repaid
But we're never supposed to worry about corporate bankruptcies that cost the taxpayers
Millions if not billions of dollars every year
We're not talking about the corporate bankruptcies that are going to continue to go on into the future
That will cost the taxpayer billions of dollars in in
This lost sort of debt
It gets written off because one weaponized pile of money buys a company and overleverages it or you know divides it into a million pieces
Whatever the the people do that the that the movie
Pretty woman was made about for example
Guy buys a company and then sells all of its assets and then fires everybody and and milks it for all it's worth
Borrows against it. Whatever they do. I don't know how that stuff works
But I know it's not friendly. I know it's not great for the economy
I know it's not building anything in america, but we're supposed to not give a shit about that
We're supposed to get mad because some student loans might be repaid
I've got a great and very easy way for us to fix that problem. Why don't we pay back all student loan borrowers
Let's pay back the student loan borrowers that also paid back their student loans
That'll solve that problem on it
I mean at this stage, we've got to be realistic
These people have been jerking us around by our collars for two decades three decades four
Five decades six decades. Who knows how many more?
I had to do it. It was like a sitting right in front of me
So
I just feel as though once we start to really speak this truth to young people
We speak this truth to people that are younger than us
Just think of it that way
Whoever's younger than you if you're 70 years old god bless you
You can tell a lot of people this truth
If you're only 25 years old well, then you know, it's going to be tough
But you can do your friends
You can get your friends you can be on snapchat or whatever it is that the kids like the best
And you can share this information this basic truth
This is a basic truth from 1924
Edward Bernays
Before any of this social media ever existed they were already thinking this way
Way before
Allen Dulles said it
I mean way before Allen Dulles said it they were already thinking this way
Don't you see the whole
Impact of this quote and the reason why Vera Sharab uses it every time she gives
And talk about this kind of thing because it's from 1924
And that's how they got us to abdicate and give up this this principle of informed consent
We we don't even know
We can't possibly give informed consent to how we are being governed
We don't understand how our banking system works
So how can we possibly consent to it how can we possibly know if it's morally and if it if it's
If it has integrity, how can we know?
And they've been bamboozling us about that much longer than they've been bamboozling us about our biology and about the
sacredness of who we are they've only just recently gone for that one
And that's I think the most spectacular thing about it
So remember that our hypothesis remains roughly the same
The reason why I want to go over it is because when we watch this video today from the American frontline doctors in 2020
When they got on the steps of the capital and claimed to be the the army on white horses
I want you to see that essentially they don't challenge the tenements of the faith the tenants excuse me of the faith
There was a novel virus it killed millions millions more could be saved
It was likely from a laboratory and so it will come again
It's really that faith that we are fighting
and what really happened is a
organized effort across
Western civilization basically and and beyond
A coordinated messaging system to take advantage of this illusion
That it seems as though they kind of were all in on it
Maybe with a collective agreement like much like bill mar just admitted not too long ago. Check my tweet
Where he said that abortion is kind of murder
But he's not against it because there are eight billion people on the planet. We won't miss you
That's almost verbatim
What was said by bill mar not two days ago
And so the truth is now really coming out that these people at the elite levels of governance
These people at the elite levels of governance both in the government but also in the media
Now believe that there's kind of an imperative of biological truth
That the survival of the wisest
Dictates that we start to do something about our exponentially growing population if you will
And so if we have to lie or tell stories a little bit, you know, that's just the way it is
It's better than having a violent revolt
It's better than than than totalitarianism
outright
We might as well have people have their toaster ovens and their and their Netflix, right?
We have to rescue
The college age kids the young adults at the high school kids. We must rescue them
from this false history
We must explain to them what is happening right here. We must explain to them
That this curve right here
You couldn't see this yesterday when I was using this slide this curve right here is not real
And this curve right here in the beginning of 2020 was shown to us has evidence of impending doom something that might continue up
And this curve was largely not generated numbers generated in New York City in America
This is all caused mortality every year here in light blue
This down here in darker blue is is people who die specifically of pneumonia yellow is flu identified
And the deaths to pneumonia if I move my big head since 2014 have been very stable
Very stable until 2020 when they increased with a slope heretofore unseen
In a country that has presumably since 2014 become better
At basic medical care better at treating pneumonia certainly nothing to explain a three or four time increase in the all-cause mortality due to
pneumonia
Unless of course we told everybody that there was a novel virus
And that that novel virus meant viral pneumonia and viral pneumonia doesn't need antibiotics
We could have said something like that like dr. Griffin says on twiv every night for the last four years
Viral pneumonia
For which antibiotics are useless. I think at this stage
We should start making a list of people who can be
shown on video or on blog or in a post to have said that
Because it's kind of
It's negligence. It's it's
And if you're a professional at that level then it will it will amount to negligence or some kind of
malevolent
What malpractice or something like that it would be like a doctor going on saying, you know, I'm a doctor
I'm an MD. I work at at at Columbia University
And I think you should drink motor oil tonight. Well, then you are liable for the people that drink motor oil
And I think that some of these people need to be held liable
For having said that viral pneumonia will not is not should not be given antibiotics
Because viral pneumonia doesn't exist
I
Don't I don't think that there is a good
medical definition of viral pneumonia
And I think if you have a case of viral pneumonia and you tested for the presence of other bacteria
I think you would actually find that it wasn't a viral pneumonia
It might be a co-viral pneumonia if you want to be has as has placated
Placating to the viral virology club as you want to be but I don't think that they have the
the ground to stand on to differentiate between a viral pneumonia and a bacterial pneumonia and to make a black and white statement
That this pneumonia will not respond to antibiotics and you should not use them
And there were lots of people pushing that exact line
And scientifically we can follow up on that we could actually do a study and show
Every time you say it's a viral pneumonia and we use antibiotics. It's still you mean you could you could do it
We could show that
We could demonstrate that that was wrong. They're not gonna but that's where we are
And so the hypothesis is really very simple
Why isn't it going? There we go
The who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus. I'm going to blank this out for a second
And it was detectable by a nonspecific PCR test for RNA viruses applied to a low prevalence population on a hot background
On a hot background of RNA and DNA signals that
could easily create false positives
intentionally or unintentionally
And this combination of a an illusion of consensus across
the the who and the cdc and the fda and
Trump's administration the people sitting at that table that illusion of consensus is what allowed this to take on the significance
of a national security threat
And that's that that consensus that illusion of consensus that was at that table yesterday
It was part of that momentum that allowed them to easily convert a much larger all-cause mortality portion
Then p and i much bigger than this this was p and i can you see my no?
This was p and i this blue plus yellow
And they converted a huge number
Of these regular deaths and added some
You see
That's what's so amazing here
Is that they increased all-cause mortality quite abruptly and acutely in 2020 and everybody didn't say why didn't it keep spreading?
What's happening there?
And what they did was that they killed people in hospitals ladies and gentlemen you've got to come to to terms with that
And people died from the
Transfections and maybe what they did was that they rolled down the dosage. These are the hottest doses perhaps
And after that you don't you don't you don't have it because they're trying to adjust the dose
This is all an experiment
Without your permission without your informed consent
And it's such an important experiment that i believe it's possible that yes, they could have taken an already hot background
They could have spent
Several years before the pandemic characterizing it so that they knew exactly what they would find if they rolled out pcr tests
aimed at certain
Canonical coronavirus
And
amplicons
And by understanding what that signal would be
They already knew what they would get when they rolled it out
Combination combined that rather
The idea that they would have sequenced those viruses as well sequenced those things and known
Already what was there? This is assuming that all virus that those viruses are even there in the first place
I don't think it's ridiculous for anyone to question the fidelity of that signal
It could easily be
That the fidelity of that signal is not near
What they say it is
And in that case it would be even easier to take a hot background and misconstrue it as spread
And that's what I think all of the
Certainty and insistence that a lot of these
Actors show about the existence of a novel virus and how
Real the sequencing is and how reliable the pcr is or isn't or how it's just about cycles
Don't actually want to confront the reality
That if you just make it about cycles, then you're not really saying it
Which is that there could not be
An RNA molecule sustaining this pandemic as a novel signal
That's not possible
And so if you just come to that stage right there the rest is a criminal investigation
You don't have to explain any more than that and
I believe a lot of the medlers are constantly trying to get us to come up with a specific set
Of circumstances that we believe is most likely so that they can debunk apart or all of it
And make it seem as though we don't know what we're talking about but what we do know
For sure not very much but what we do know is that an RNA molecule no matter what little
Tweaks you make to it or how many fear and cleavage sites you put into it
It's not going to suddenly have the ability to copy itself so well that we could find 15 million
Sequences of it over the last four years
Put them up on a database and call it a phylogeny based on a temporal expansion of a molecule
It started in a mud puddle that's ridiculous and every one of these people knows it
In fact the thicker their resume is the longer they were in the whitehead institute or the longer
They were working for the human genome project the more likely it is that they understand exactly how true this statement is
RNA virology is based on the infectious clone
methodology
Where you find a signature of an RNA that you think is a self-replicating molecule
You try to find and characterize it as best as you can and then you make a dna copy of it
So that you can make sufficient quantities to study in either an animal model or a cell culture
Otherwise it goes nowhere
It doesn't go anywhere. It can't you can't culture these things
And if they could culture what was in the sahomas county man they could culture it because it was a clone
Because a clone is a quantity of and a purity that cannot exist in nature and so for a time
It does appear to self-replicate because of the enormous quantities of subgenomic RNA that get created
And so by any sequencing technology, it's going to look like the genome has been replicated thousands of times, but it hasn't
That's what we got from dissecting the infectious cycle and so we know for sure
That virology is an exaggeration it could be an all-out mythology, but at
Absolute best-case scenario for them as it is it is it is an horrible
Exaggeration of a of a background signal with the intent to bamboozle our children about it
Because they want to invert our sovereignty to permissions. That's where we're at
We're not going to have any human rights. Whoa
We're not going to have any human rights if we don't wake up right now
And
So I want to keep explaining this
Because as we look back to this 2020 video, it's really important to have a hakeen awareness of what we're listening for
If this gets annoying, I won't use it anymore. I got other ones
Renderforest has got hundreds. I just thought this was funny and I really do like that song
Um, so this is afld june 2020
Um and just to but you can tell if someone's lying
You know, you can sort of feel it in people. I want you to use your gut here when I have lied control. I again
I really I really think it's important. I don't think i'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
um
I
I've met a lot of them right. I've met a lot of these people I know
And a lot of them have lied to my face. So
The political cut I have on the specialization is always that um
That uh, if you analyze the politics of science, the specializations should make you suspicious
It should because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate
And then one should be you know a little bit suspicious and that's that's uh, that's sort of my starting my starting bias
And so we all should have been much more suspicious of everyone at the start of the pandemic
And I think that once you realize and that the scooby-doo was planned this way
But planned in a much more intricate way than we thought
You will see that actually
We were presented two sides of the coin more than once
We were presented the good guys and the bad guys more than once and
A lot of us just didn't couldn't possibly have guessed
that the operation that was going to be
Used to initiate the controlled demolition of america would be so intricate as to involve so many people masquerading as patriots
But remember
And please remember this very very well. I'm going to go back to the front here because I think it's really important to say it right
Remember this very well think again of a corporate
tug of war between two
departments
And there's 40 people each and they're all pretty equal
It would only take a few people to cheat on behalf of one team
and not pull
In order for one team to be guaranteed to lose and no one in that team would know
You could lean back on the rope but not pull very hard
And because everybody else was pulling really hard your sabotage if there was five of you out of 40 that were cheating for the other team
You would likely lose for them
And so i'm not saying that all of american frontlight doctors were bad guys what i'm saying is is that in every one of these groups
There were bad guys
And my guess is those bad guys had influence because they worked together
To create an illusion of consensus even on the inside of these groups to where it would be very hard for anyone
Of these members who actually was seeing through the truth to have any real effect
And that's why you'll see erso in the background but not really in the foreground
And he disappears in marix in there maybe or something like that these
Really good doctors tend to disappear into the background in these louder
more dramatic
censored people get in the front
And
That trick was played on us so many times
Alex berenson
Brett Weinstein
Robert Malone
Every one of these examples of censorship where oh i got censored on linked in and so
I had to get interviewed by tucker carlson
And then I got censored on link in so I had to go to this new
Thing that that I didn't know about but I guess I got paid for gab or whatever it is
I mean, it's just all absurd
To pretend that these were all random events in a plinko machine of of reality
We were being played by these people
If they wanted to censor Robert Malone, you wouldn't have seen him just like you didn't see me until
2023 or 2022
And and that's really what it is
We are up against something very big and very formidable
From the start of the pandemic scientists have tried to determine exactly where and how
This novel coronavirus spread to humans
Did it emerge naturally from the animal world and get transmitted to people in wuhan china?
Or from a security breach at a research lab also in wuhan and of course, that's the trick right?
That's the whole conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits whoops
Of of our habits and of our thoughts
Let us to think that there was a mystery to solve we were we were
Coversed into asking the question is this natural or is this a lab leak? It's got to be a lab leak
I mean the fear and cleavage site. It's going all over the world
Normally a virus wouldn't do that but with a fear and cleavage site who knows how far it would go
How many people do you know had that idea in 2020 how many people were certain?
About that idea in 2020 how many different random people who are certain about the fear and cleavage site?
in 2020
I can name like six
I wasn't certain about I didn't even know how the hell they were what what is even a fear and cleavage site?
I had to read about it
While these people were already sure that this meant that not only was it a laboratory virus, but man buckle up
And I can't help but keep wanting to remind people of this because it was really a group of people that were sent out with a mission
They were recruited for a mission
To do something
To break up a group to break up a following to distract people from this person to
To water down this person's message to step in front of this person. There was so much of that happening
I suspect that happened with this group up here
That some of them are were pretty good at the beginning and then
Got corrupted or or or somebody stepped in front of them
I think it happened to a lot of people over there too
I think a lot of those people are medlers or medling
And have really taken to having friendships with with certain people so that they can keep tabs and and control their messaging
I think that's really what happens
And people signed on the line because as dr. Giordano said the the real weapon is the internet
And so you need people if the real weapon is the internet ladies and gentlemen fifth generation warfare is liars
And that's the part that gets so frustrating
When they try to pretend that it's going to be an ai trick or it's an algorithmic trick or its censorship that's doing it. No
It's liars
People that are willing to go on camera
Go on podcasts and tell a story because they know that they are assisting the ruling elite
They don't have to know any more than that as long as they think they're getting on with that group
There will be nobody
Leaking there it's going to be no whistleblowers because they're climbing a ladder that they can't see the top of
And whose fellow climbers they fear
And
So tommy's not going to question hat ville
He's happy that hat ville talks to him because he knows that hat villes connected to the ruling elite
And so he feels connected to the ruling elite my goodness why how else could it be be understood
But nobody not a lot of these people understand the
The wickedness of what they are involved in
They might vaguely understand the inevitability that the that the system wants them to feel I don't feel the inevitability anymore
I do wish that there were some people around that aren't around anymore, but I don't feel the inevitability
But I do think that the spread of bad ideas is what got us here
And so let's take a look at this video and see if
um
If we can we can figure this out
Uh intramuscular injection many combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transspection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic
Uh, yeah, so what are we going to look for in this talk? We're going to look for
The faith in a novel virus, right? We're going to look for an ongoing RNA viral pandemic. It would be weird, right?
If in
In the summer of 2020 they all agreed that okay, there is a coming disaster. We've got to be careful, but
There is global spread of something, but
Lockdowns work. I don't know. Are we going to hear that? It's it's going to be curious
But i'm what i'm listening for the faith, okay
I'm listening for the faith and remember the faith also includes
A novel virus for which novel treatments will be needed because we didn't know what to use
We don't know what to use so we've got to rely on doctors who've got ideas on pre from previous
experience
But that's not really saying then that that there's nothing new that they're saying that there's something new
But we've got to let doctors treat people for that something new so listen very carefully so that we can really put this into place
Numbers and fortunately the mortality rate
Of children is about one fifth of one percent so kids are tolerating the infection very frequently
They're actually asymptomatic
I also want to say that children on are not the drivers of the of this pandemic
People were worried about initially of children
We're going to actually be the ones to push the infection along the very opposite is happening kids are being
Are tolerating it very well. They're not passing it on to their parents. They're not passing it on to their teachers
Dr. Mark wool house
From uh from scotlin who is a pediatric infectious disease specialist and epidemiologist?
Said the following he said there has not been one documented case
Of covid being transferred from a student to a teacher in the world
In the world. I think that is important that all of us who are here today realize that our kids are not really the ones who are driving the infection
It is being driven by older individuals
And yes, we can send the kids back to school
I think without fear and this is the big issue right now is is congressman norman alluded to
This is the really important thing we need to do we need to normalize the lives of our children
How do we do that? We do that by getting them back in the classroom and the good news is they're not driving this infection at all
Yes, we can use security measures. Yes, we can be careful
I'm all for that. We all are but I think the important thing is we need to not act out of fear
We need to act out of science. We need to do it. We need to get it done
finally
Uh, the barrier and I hate to say this but the barrier to getting our kids back in school is not going to be the science
it's going to be the
national unions the teachers union the
National Education Association other groups who are going to demand money
And listen, I think that is fine to get people money for ppe and different things in the classroom
But some of their demands are really ridiculous. They're talking about where i'm from in california
The utla, which is united teachers of los angeles is demanding that we defund the police
What does that have to do with education? They're demanding that they stop or they shut all private
Charter schools
Uh privately funded charter schools. These are the schools that are actually getting the kids yet educated
So clearly there are going to be barriers. The barriers will not be
Science there will not be barriers for the sake of the children. It's going to be for the sake of the adults
uh, the teachers and everybody else and
For the union. So we that's where we need to focus our efforts and fight back
So thank you all for being here and let's get our kids back in school
Hello, um, i'm dr. Stella imano. I'm a primary care physician in houston texas
You know, um
I actually went to medical school in west african-nigeria where i took care of malaria patients treated them with hydroxyclopin and stuff like that
So i'm actually used to these medications
I'm here because I have personally treated over 350 patients with covid
Patients that have diabetes pictures that have high blood pressure
Patients that have um asthma all people i think my oldest patient is 92 87 years old and the result has been the same
I put them on hydroxycloquine i put it on zinc i put it on zero max and they are all well
For the past few months i've taken care of over 350 patients with not lost one
Not a diabetic not as somebody with high blood pressure not somebody would asthma not an old person who've not lost one patients
And on top of that i've put myself my staff and many doctors that i know on hydroxycloquine
For prevention because by the very mechanism of action
It works early and as a prophylaxis. We see patients 10 to 15 covid patients every day
We give them breathing treatments. We only wear surgical masks. None of us has gotten sick. It works
So right now i came here to washing DC to say america nobody needs to die
The study that made me start using hydroxycloquine was a study that they did in under the air NIH
In 2005 that's how it works
Recently i was doing some research about a patient that had hiccups and i found that i even did a recent study in the nih
Which is our national institute
That is the national nih Institute of health
They actually had a study i'm going to look it up
Type hiccups and covid you will see it
They treated a patient that had hiccups with hydroxycloquine and it proved that
covid is a symptom of hiccups
It's a symptom of hiccups of covid
So if the nih knows
That treating the patient with hydroxycloquine proves that hiccups is a symptom of covid
Then they definitely know that hydroxycloquine works
I'm upset
What i'm upset is that i see people that cannot breathe
I see parents walk in i see diabetics sit in my office knowing that this is a death sentence and they can't breathe
And i hug them and i tell them it's going to be okay
You're going to leave and we treat them and they leave none has died
So if some fake science some person sponsored by all these fake pharma companies comes out
Say, oh we've done studies and they found that that it doesn't work
I can tell you categorically is fake science. I want to know who is sponsoring that study
I want to know who is behind it because there is no way i can treat 350 patients and counting
And nobody is dead and they all did better and then you're going to tell me that you treated
20 people 40 people and and it didn't work
I'm a true testimony. So I came here to Washington DC to tell america
Nobody needs to get sick
This virus has a cure. It is called hydroxycloquine zinc and zitromax
I know you who want to talk about a mask. Hello
You don't need mask. There is a cure. I know they don't want to open schools. No, you don't need to be people to be locked down
There is prevention and there is a cure and let me tell you something. All you fake doctors
Tell me oh, yeah, I want a double-blinded studies
I just tell you speak sounding like a computer double-blinded double-blinded is you I don't know what are your chips?
I'm malfunctioning, but I'm a real doctor
I have radiologies. We have plastic surgeons. We have neurosurgeons like sanjay Gupta
Saying oh, yeah, it doesn't work and it causes heart disease
Let me ask you doctor sanjay Gupta. Hear me. Have you ever seen a COVID patient?
Have you ever treated anybody who had doctor cloping and they died from heart disease when you do come and talk to me
Because I sit down in my clinic every day and I see the special walk in every day scared
She's not really wrong about a lot of this stuff right and hydroxychloroquine is a
I thought it was a zinc ionophore
at least one of the things that it does
I just don't think that she's really wrong about a lot of this and so
It's just an
It's such in retrospect. It's just such an interesting second speaker
To choose. I'm not saying that she's a bad person. I'm saying that
They they said that she was like a that she engaged in
Witchcraft and stuff in Nigeria or wherever she's from in some of the newspapers that were debunking this lady and and using her
her
Background as a way of you know getting people to dismiss her and so it's a strange again. It's a strange
Person to open up with if your goal is to try and really
Send a message to the people at home that that
The information they're getting from the CDC is incorrect
And that people are going to die if you don't listen to us. It doesn't seem like the best choice of
Second speaker when the other guy didn't say anything like this
Didn't say anything about hydroxychloroquine and zinc and zithromax
And I find that interesting almost to the point where
They let her say those things so that people would be less likely to take them seriously
I don't know maybe i'm wrong, but it feels very weird to me that this is the second person to the mic
To the scared to death. I see people driving two three hours to my clinic because some er doctor is scared of the tech sex board
Or they are scared of something and they will not prescribe medication to these people
I tell all of you doctors that are sitting down and watching americans die
you're like
The good nazi the good one the good germans that watch juice get killed. I do not speak up
If they come after me they threaten me
They have threatened to I mean i've gotten all kinds of threats or they're gonna report me to the bots
They're gonna I say, you know what? I don't care. I'm not gonna let americans die
And if this is the mountain in this the hill where I get nailed on I will get nailed on it
I don't care. You can report me to the bots. You can kill me. You can do whatever
But i'm not gonna let americans die and today i'm here to say that america
There is a cure for covid all this foolishness. It's not does not need to happen. There is a cure for covid
There is a cure for covid. It's called hydroxychloroquine
It's called zinc it's called zitromax and it is time for the grassroots to wake up
I said no, we're not gonna take this any longer. We're not gonna die because let me tell you something
When somebody is dead they are dead. They're not coming back tomorrow to have an argument
They're not coming back tomorrow to discuss the double blind death study and the data
All of you doctors that are waiting for data
If six months down the line you actually found out that this data shows that this medication works
How about your patients that have died?
You want a double blind death study where people are dying. It's unethical
so
Guys we don't need to die. There is a cure for covid
Okay, so there's a cure for covid definitely does not question the novelty of covid
It doesn't question it at all and in fact it suggests that people should just have to decide
Do I need to advocate for the use of hydroxychloroquine and zinc if I get
covid or can I trust my doctor to know this?
It's setting up such a
a
A schism
Between people and their doctor. It's setting it up right now
It's not
Questioning the treatment based on the idea that look
We know how to treat these symptoms
And these symptoms are not any different than other symptoms that we've had before
We're just told that they're different
No doctor at this at this mic so far has said that
They are definitely sure there's a new thing kids just don't kids just are not
Mortality in children isn't that high children are not super spreaders children don't spread it to their teachers
Normalize the lives of our children
There is a cure for covid right after the nazi comparison she made
Man when you look back at this, this isn't that great. This is not that good
This frightens me now
Dr. Emmanuel also known as warrior before I introduced the next guest. I just want to say that
I wish all doctors that are listening to this bring that kind of passion to their patients and the study that dr
Emmanuel was referring to is in virology which talks about a SARS
Viral epidemic that affects the lungs that came from china
And they didn't know what would work
The studies show that chloroquine would work
It sounds exactly like it could have been written three months ago
But in fact that's studying virology
Which was published by the nih the national institute of health when dr. Anthony fauci was the director
Again the official publication of the nih virology 15 years ago
Showed that chloroquine. We use hydroxychloroquine. It's the same a little safer
Works they proved this 15 years ago when we got this novel coronavirus, which is not that novel
It's 78 percent similar to the prior version the cove one
Not surprisingly it works. I'm not going to introduce our next speaker
Sorry
Dr. Dan Erickson
Dr. Gold asked me to talk about the lock a dr. Dan Erickson is the guy who with his
Black-haired colleague
In blue scrubs said at the end of a table. I think it was in los angeles and said all kinds of very intelligent things about
Our previous immunity and how immunity works and how ridiculous it was that we were doing what we were doing
Um, so it's it's interesting to see him here. I want me. I'm really curious as to what he's got to say
Downs how effective they were and do they cause anything non-financial?
They always talk about the financial, but you have to realize that lockdowns
We haven't taken a 21 trillion dollar economy and locked it down
So when you lock it down it causes public health issues
Our suicide hotlines are up 600 percent
Our spousal abuse different areas of alcoholism are all on the rise
These are public health problems from a financial lockdown
So we have to be clear on that fact that there is it's not like you just lock it down and have
Consequences to people's jobs. They also have consequences health consequences at home. So we're
You know, we're talking about having a little more of a measured approach a consistent approach
If we have another spike, you know coming in cold and flu season
Let's do something that's sustainable. What's sustainable? Well, we can
We can socially distance and wear some masks, but we can also open the schools
And open businesses so this measured approach i'm talking about
Isn't made up it's going on in sweden and their deaths are about 564 per million
UK full lockdown 600 deaths per million
So we're seeing that the lockdowns aren't decreasing significantly the amount of deaths per million
Some of their Nordic neighbors have less deaths for a variety of reason i don't have time to go into today
So what my quick message here in a minute or two is just that we need to take an approach that's sustainable
A sustainable approach is slowing things down
Opening up schools opening up businesses and then we can allow the people to have
Their independence and their personal responsibility to choose to wear masks and socially distance as opposed to putting edicts on them
You know kind of controlling them let's empower them with data
And let them study what other countries have done and make their own decision. That's what i'd like to share. Thank you
I want to listen to that a little bit again because he did say interesting things hold on
Aren't decreasing significantly the amount of deaths per million
Some of their Nordic neighbors have less deaths for a variety of reason i don't have time to go into today
So what my quick message here in a minute or two is just that we need to take an approach that's sustainable
A sustainable approach is slowing things down
Opening up schools opening up businesses and then we can allow the people to have
Their independence and their personal responsibility to choose to wear masks and socially distance as opposed to putting edicts on them
You know kind of controlling them let's empower them with data and let them study what other countries have done and make their own decision
That's what i'd like to share. Thank you
Now that still seems to me
I mean, I'm not saying it's his intention, but that still seems to me to set up a position where if I go to
Home Depot this weekend. I can expect to have a lot of people think it's my personal responsibility to put on a mask
Not my he didn't say my choice. He didn't say anything about sovereignty. He didn't say anything about our rights
As as free human beings. He said let it be let's give them data and then let's make it their personal
You know put it their personal responsibility his basically coercing us. I'm sorry, but it is
It's the wrong language. It's shitty language. I'm going to just say it
And i'm disappointed that that he said that when his original message when he was at that table was all about natural immunity and health
And the microbiome and how this was much more complicated than than what they were telling us on the tv
And now he gets invited and then he's supposed to say these things
A sustainable approach. How long do you want it to go?
I don't I didn't like that that one at all. I didn't like that at all
I would I'm actually very disappointed in that that was not good
That wasn't good at all
Hmm that's shocking to me. That's unfortunate. Sorry
Are there any questions? Are there any questions?
Why are you guys here so excited why i'm from the south of coda? You might have a question
Yes, yes, so
You know south to cody did something interesting and it's interesting that you're from there
So the governor did not restrict access to hydroxychloroquine
I'm saying that he didn't say that it's a it's a choice
I hope i'm not arguing with you maggie, but I just want to clarify
I don't care if people want to wear masks. That's fine with me wear masks
But if you start to use words like personal responsibility and let's arm them with data
Then basically he's saying let's argue about it
Let's let's have people give each other papers about whether or not they should wear a mask
And so
Already making it a question that we have to answer
And then you get somebody like my brother who will say well
It doesn't hurt you it bit better to err on that side wouldn't it be the better to safe than sorry, wouldn't it be
I mean you got some personal responsibility to the rest of the people around you, don't you?
That's exactly how my brother got suckered in
And so I don't think that message was very good. It didn't really help us at all even though it's supposed to sound like it did
I don't think it did
Right
Right and you were I believe you were the only state in the union that did that and
There's been studies out there that
To show that it doesn't work they're inaccurate because they're given at the wrong time the wrong dose the wrong patient either too much
Or at the long time so south dakota did better because it had access to hydroxychloroquine. Thank you so much
That's the number one question we're all asked every day
Oh my gosh
How can I get it so the congressman can't get it. It's tough luck for the average american joe getting it
It's very difficult. You have to overcome a few hurdles. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second
Read the science with a critical eye and have eliminated the job science
Many studies have been retracted as you know
And number two the pharmacists they show anymore. Oh wow
There's almost nobody there
Did something interesting and it's interesting that you're from there
So the governor did not restrict access to hydroxychloroquine
Right
Right and you were I believe you were the only state in the union that did that
How can we see how can we see this as anything other than a stunt then
I'm sorry. I guess I was being silly. I thought this was kind of like a rally
You know like their supporters were there
But they all just flew there and put on white coats and stood out in the sun and and had somebody film them
This is the same thing that uh
That james lion's wiler did somewhere in downtown pittsburgh at city hall or something
Just put on a suit and went there and gave an announcement about a lab leak or some sh i mean
What is going on other than
Absolute theater here
Now it doesn't have to be
Theater that all these people don't I mean they can take it seriously
I'm not saying that you know, maybe they some of them actually think wow we have to do this
There's a great idea. I think it says everything we need to say
We'll put it up on social media. It's going to go viral and we'll get this message out and they think but
You could also see that as the people with this idea are part of those tug-of-war saboteurs
Setting it up
This is how we're going to do it and and the people some of these people in the background are good people and some of them aren't
And because of the commitment to the national security priority because of the commitment to climbing the ladder of the elite ruling class
The people that are the medallors in this group are never ever
Going to break character ever
Not late at night at the poker table not early in the morning over coffee and breakfast
Not on the beach in the sun
That's what you're dealing with
Once you see it, I think it's very very simple and
There's been studies out there that attempt to show that it doesn't work
They're inaccurate because they're given at the wrong time the wrong dose the wrong patient
Either too much or at the long time. So south Dakota did better because it had access to our directive coroquine. Thank you so much
That's the number one question we're all asked every day. I want you to know that you're not alone
I've had many congressman ask me. How can I get it? So the congressman can't get it
It's tough luck for the average american joe getting it. It's very difficult
You have to overcome a few hurdles your doctor has to have read the science with a critical eye
And have eliminated the junk science many studies have been retracted as you know
And number two the pharmacist has to not restrict it many states have empowered their pharmacists to not honor physician prescription
That's never happened before that interference with the doctor patient relationship where the patient talks to the doctor
Honestly and the doctor answers the patient honestly has been violated
So you have a very difficult time as the average american
Some of the information we'll share later this afternoon is to show the mortality rates in countries where it's not restricted
And the mortality rates where it is restricted. So i friends all over the world now because of this
And in indonesia
You can just buy it over the counter. It's in the vitamin section
And i'm here to tell the american people that you could buy it over the counter in iran
Because the leaders in iran the moles in iran think that they should have more freedom than americans
I have a problem with that
My my colleagues have problems with that. We don't like to watch patients die
Because the most people have problems
Ways to be picking up the phone
They can be calling their state
And their federal representatives and senators and say we are the american people
Let me see what we think
You guys
Okay, thank you
Thank you, Julie. That is exactly right
If you hear what you're when you hear this if you're concerned and wondering why you may not be able to get access to it
We need you to make
Four calls call your governor call both of your senators and call your congressman
And tell them that you want to know why
You're not able to get access to a drug that doctors are telling you will help
End this and help us reduce the number of hospitalizations and reduce the number of deaths
Urge them to read dr. Harvey rish's
Study from yale. He's a Yale professor of epidemiology and from there you'll find other studies
I wanted to ask how do people press the data that they
Looking at every day the numbers are so very
John Hopkins
CDC which divides
COVID deaths in different categories
Yeah
So the only number that I think is worth paying any attention to and even that number is not so helpful
But is mortality because that's a hard and fast number
So the case number is almost irrelevant
And that's because there's a lot of inaccuracies with the testing and also even if the test is accurate
Most people are asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic. So it's not that important to know
So the case number which you see rising all the time in the news
Is basically irrelevant and if you had told us a few months ago that that was the number that the medium is going to go crazy over
We all would have just laughed at that. I mean that's essentially herd immunity. There's a lot
So here we go. I understand
That you can't get it right in 2020 and so i'm not saying that
That I know for sure that this is one of the medlers
um
But I don't really think
Well, I mean we're not questioning the novel virus. We're not questioning the need for novel treatments and so
Um, this is a pretty a hard hard and fast commitment to the basic idea
Lots of people out there who have tested positive without symptoms or with very mild symptoms
So the only number that's worth paying attention to is mortality when you look at the mortality
This is a disease that takes that unfortunately kills our most frail members of society
People with multiple comorbid conditions specifically diabetes obesity is a big one. We don't talk about that, but it is
It's a fact um coronary artery disease severe coronary artery disease people like that and also if you're older
It's a risk factor, but the biggest risk factor is if you have comorbid conditions
If you're young and healthy, this is not you'll get a recover if you're under 60 with no comorbid conditions
It's less deadly than influenza. This seems to come as great news to americans because this is not what you're being told
Um, I would say the answer is it's very difficult to get accurate numbers
We
Have a meeting with a frontline doctor
And maybe I need to say that into the microphone
My message to
Dr. Anthony Fauci is to have a meeting with these frontline doctors who are seeing real patients
They're touching human skin. They're looking people in the eye
They're diagnosing them and they're helping them beat the virus
They're the ones who are talking to the patients have meetings with them and do it every single day and
Find out what they are learning about the virus firsthand
And this is it it's important to understand
We have doctors here who are not emergency room doctors. They're preventing doctor
Preventing patients from even hitting the emergency room
So if they're only listening to emergency room or ICU at the very tragic
end
Of a person's life. They're they're not getting the full story
They need to come back and hear the earlier the earlier portion
And they also need to understand what the lockdowns and the fears are doing
To to patients around this country because there are a lot of unintended consequences
Which the doctors can speak about
My message to Dr. Anthony Fauci is
When is the last time you put a stethoscope on a patient?
That when you start seeing patients like we see on a daily basis
You will understand the frustration that we feel and you need to start feeling for American people like we the frontline doctors feel
I need to start
Realizing that they are listening to you and if they are gonna listen to you
You got to give them a message of hope. You got to give them a message
That goes with what you already know that hydroxychloroquine works
You mentioned before some remarkable results that you had
We're working on publishing it right now
We're working on that, but this is what I'll say people like doctors tell me all the time publish the data
And my question is and that will make you see patients. There's no data around the world
Yes, my data will come out when that comes out. That's great
But right now people are dying. So my data is not important for you to see patients
I'm saying that to my colleagues out there that talk about data data data
There is a lot
On this not every clinician needs to publish that data to be taken seriously
That media has not covered it. There is a time that is true
And I think that that's one of the arguments that a lot of people were making very early on doctors should have been talking to one another
And this would have spread very quickly if there was something to treat
And there's something that worked then doctors would have shared this information by themselves. It would have done just fine
And that was what peter mcculler for example has cited is so strange
And one of the reasons why they really needed peter mcculler to be under control
Was because very early on he pointed out that why don't all of these prestigious institutions have their own covid protocol
All of these prestigious institutions have their own protocols for everything that's different than the other prestigious institutions has their own special twist on it
But with regard to covid everybody did it exactly like they were told from the exact same playlist
And
None of these people are talking about that problem. There's no talk about misuse of ventilators here
There's no talk about misuse of oxygenation in people
No questioning how people are treated just that they should get hydroxychloroquine instead of the other things
that are killing them
So it's not really
Saying what needs to be said yet, right and maybe it's too early, but you know
I'm just pointing out that
That how far and deep we were and if the consensus was this in the summer of 2020, can you forgive me?
For not having figured it out yet
Because this is part of the illusion of consensus. These people are supposed to be resisting
But they have accepted the virus
They're sure there's a virus. They treat people 15 people a day
Is what she said or 50
I don't know
It's it's it's something to see it really is just see it. I've got a compendium on america's front line
Doctors.com. Yep. There is a compendium of all the studies that work with hydroxychloroquine the mortality rate was publishing
Detroit less than it was July 4th weekend. They publish it mortality by half in the in the critically ill patients
the patients who
Are get it early. It's been estimated that one half to three quarters of those patients wouldn't be dead
We're talking 70,000 to 105 70 to 100,000 patients would still be alive if we had followed this policy
There's plenty of published aid. I'm sorry
Dr. Reach published data recently. So there's a lot of data out there. They don't need mine to make it to reach again
Just a few days ago
Who's that guy?
Who's that tall dude?
As from your perspective, do you feel that this is the power forward?
Possibly died from some other condition. It was wrongly attributed to probate 19
Or there's some other reason why she would have died. I will not I will not be able to say that till I look at it
He was the power forward. The little girl girls
History and whatever happened. I know I've taken care of a lot of family members and I and I see a lot of children
And they usually get mild symptoms back and I talk about it kids that I've not looked at
What was the age of the child again?
Okay, so listen there are children who are dying of this infection
And the reality is that when they do die they seem to have comorbidities
Really you have to kind of look at the each individual
Case
Uniquely there have been a little over 30 patients in the entire country in the age category of 15 and below who have died of covid
Frequently they do have comorbidities like heart disease. They have asthma. They have other pulmonary issues
So I I don't know we don't know the answer to this nine-year-old girl tragically. She passed
It could get viral pneumonia and not get antibiotics and die
They could get sepsis from that they could get I mean
It's incredible
There are children dying from this disease says the doctor
Dang it. This really got us. I mean this really got us then she's no longer with this, but
There's probably if you dig into it, there's probably a story behind it
I mean, I think that is it is common knowledge that the with the schools not
Not being open when you think about what your experience in junior high and high school. What do you think about?
You think about parties and you think about football games party socializing those are the things we think about
Nobody's nobody's having
And I will tell you that these are critical years of life to be out mixing with other kids
Other people and that is been shut down. So yes, there are lots of comorbidities
Uh that go along with shutting down. We're talking about anxiety. We're talking about depression loneliness
Uh
Abuse is happening
And kids who have particular
Children who have special needs kids are not doing well either. So there is a long list of complications that occur when you
quarantine and lockdown people
Moms go back to school that the elderly grandparents are right. Well, there you know, this is the big
Sure. Yeah, this is a big issue because people are afraid not that their children are going to get particularly ill because I think they're
Learning the the truth that this infection is is being tolerated well by children
But certainly they look at their environment. They're a particular unique family
And I think in some situations that may be an appropriate fear
However, I do think that as a general comment
A general rule through the country kids can go back to school
Maybe a few kids here and there they you know, they're a living situation
Who they're being cared for that can be a potential problem
But again for younger children in particular, they're not the ones passing on the disease to the adults
Well, hydroxychloroquine. Yeah, I mean
Well, you want to give kids that that can be done. Yes, that can be used
Okay
Okay, we're talking about we can't go to open our businesses we can go to school and
Parents are scared to get treated and I personally have put over a hundred people on hydroxychloroquine prophylaxis
Doctors teachers people health care workers my staff me
I see over
15 to 20 sometimes 20 15 10 patients a day. I use a surgical mask
I've not been infected. Nobody. I know has been infected. That's around me
So this is the answer to this question. You want to open schools everybody get on hydroxychloroquine
That is the prevention for covid one tablet
Every other week is good enough and that is what we need to get across the american people
There's prevention and there is cure. We don't have to lock down schools. We don't have to lock down our businesses
There's prevention and there is cure. So instead of talking about mask instead of talking about lockdowns
So it would be just crazy right of this lady who treated pneumonia or I mean malaria before in her career
Just had the answer wouldn't it? It would be just crazy if peter de varro ordered like
Hundreds of thousands of pills to be put in the national stockpile. It would be crazy if
Several
Factories that make the precursor to hydroxychloroquine started on fire
in 2020
It would be just crazy wouldn't it?
I think zebzalenko was giving hydroxychloroquine to
to people in um
in uh
Congress
Along with zinc of course. Yeah, but all these things put our teachers on hydroxychloroquine
Put those that are high risk on hydroxychloroquine those that want it if you want to catch covid
That's cool, but you should be given the right to take it and be prevented
So that's the message. We don't all this stuff that we're putting together
It's not necessary because hydroxychloroquine has a prevention. It's called hydroxychloroquine is a prevention for covid
Droxychloroquine
Cure
Doctors have used it, but they use it in the wrong dosage. So I keep hearing the drug
But then what is the right dose?
Yeah, that you're gonna discuss with you. That's a gonna discuss with your doctor. Well, let me make the product also take that
Yeah, that's a that's a great question because the fear of this drug has driven the the the whole
Political situation has driven the fear towards this drug. So let's address that this drug is super safe
It's safer than aspirin motrin towel and all it's super safe. All right
So what the problem is in a lot of those studies they did very very high doses massive doses all through the country
They did the remap study the solidarity trial
That was the world health organization trial and also the recovery trial
They used
2,400 milligrams in the first day all you need is
200 twice a week for prophylaxis
They used massive toxic doses and guess what they found out when you use massive toxic doses you get toxic results
The drug doesn't work when you give toxic doses. Okay, there are very it's a very safe drug
It concentrates in the lungs 200 to 700 times higher in the lungs
It's an amazing drug because in the bloodstream you're not going to get high levels
But you get massive levels in the lungs
So you're going to find yourself if you're prophylaxis
As soon as the virus gets there, it's going to have a hard time getting through because the
Hydroxchloroquine blocks it from getting in and then once it gets in
It won't let the virus
It won't let it actually replicate it actually actually bring in zinc and zinc will there it is
That's up the copy machine called the RDRP. So with with the combination of drugs
It's incredibly effective in the early disease by itself. It's incredibly effective as a prophylaxis
So I hope that is that answer the question
Yeah, I
I want to emphasize on something that dr. Ursa just said because I love the question
This is a treatment regimen. That's very simple and it should be in the hands of the american people the difficult
Aspect of this is that at the moment because of politics
It's being blocked from doctors prescribing it and it's being blocked from pharmacists
Releasing it they've been empowered to overrule the doctor's opinion
Why is this not over the counter as you can get it in much of the world in almost all of latin america in iran in indonesia
In sub-Saharan africa, you can just go and buy it yourself and the dose my friends is 200 milligrams twice in a week
And zinc daily
That's the dose
I'm in favor of it being over the counter. Give it to the people. Give it to the people
This information
Hi, I'm uh, i'm dr. James there. I just want to add a couple comments to what dr. Gold was saying
If it if it seems like there is an orchestrated attack that's going on against hydroxychloroquine
It's because there is when have you ever heard of a medication generating this degree of controversy
A 65 year old medication that has been a the world health organizations safe essential list of medications for years
Okay, it's over the counter in many countries
And what we're seeing is a lot of information
So I co-authored the first document on hydroxychloroquine as a potential treatment for coronavirus
This is back in march and that kind of kicked off a whole series of of a storm on it
and
Since then there's been a tremendous amount of censorship on doctors like us and what we're saying and in
A number of us have already been such a that google document that I co-authored was actually pulled down by google
And this is after now many studies have shown that it is effective and it is safe
I wholeheartedly agree with the person in the chat saying that I think zinc is a large portion of it
Zinc is a co-factor for a lot of enzymes that
regulate
Well stuff in the cell and let's not try to pretend that we understand too many details of this because
We know and acknowledge that a lot of this the sort of underlying science is probably questionable at best
But we do know
That many protein machines need other
Big ions as a sort of
Central core that provides a sort of electric potential a ionic potential that otherwise can't be created by a full protein
But if you can fold the protein in such a way that it can kind of take advantage of
the extreme
Sort of polarity of such an ion
Then you can create a machine using that in an interaction with water
I found this wonderful video today where this guy's trying to explain how protein folding works
and he talks about water like
wind
Not ever evoking the charge aspect of it never evoking the idea that some amino acids have a different charge distribution than others
Not evoking the idea of hydrogen bonds and how those might work not evoking the idea of how organized
Lattices of water could change the way that proteins fold
And
So if proteins come out of a ribosome into a highly organized lattice of water then there will be a certain way that they will fold
If they come out of a ribosome in an unorganized lattice of water they may fold differently
If they come out of a ribosome with a number of charged proteins
localized around the opening of the ribosome they may come out in and yet another shape
And so it's very very
Interesting to see this because I think as the zinc ionophore has
Has basically quesareton. I don't know how to say it, but that's how you spell it
um this green tea extract that um
that
Zeb Zolenko was saying was the most effective zinc ionophore
and
And zinc itself
And in fact Zeb Zolenko one of his last videos that he filmed in his car
Was that quesareton and zinc
Was good against any RNA virus and so this was a national security secret
And if they deploy anything else in the future you still got to turn to
Zinc and a zinc ionophore and I don't think it's crazy. I think it's actually sound
Biology because that's about all we know about enzymes is that they they have co-factors
And zinc is one of them and a lot of us could be short on zinc because of the food that we choose to eat
You still can't read that article and there's also this misinformation out there and unfortunately
This has reached the the highest orders of medicine
In may there was an article published in the lancet. So this is one of the world's most prestigious medical journals in the world. Okay
The world health organization
Stocked all their clinical trials on hydroxychloroquine because of the study and it was independent researchers like us who care about patients who care about the truth
That dug into the study and determined that it was actually fabricated data
The data was not real
And it was so we did this so convincing that this study was retracted by lancet less than two weeks after it's published
It's almost unheard of especially for I think an acetyl cysteine is a
Antioxidant more than anything else. I'm not really down with that
I'll tell you why I'm not down with nac because I used to use nac to make brain slices in my mice and
If I replaced sodium
With I you part of part of my replacement was nac and
If
If you use too much of it the recordings didn't work if you use too much of it other weird things happened and so I don't know I
Somebody sent me some I'm not
I didn't I'm not taking any of that. I don't know what it does. I don't understand it. It could be great. But um for me
Quasaritin and zinc
Seems legit
Hydroxychloroquine probably works in a similar way as far as I understand it's a zinc ionophore
So again, hydroxychloroquine could be ideally suited for this
And that's why we're not talking about hydroxychloroquine. We're talking about ivermectin for the last few years
Study of this magnitude. So it's you know, I apologize to to everyone for the fact there is so much misinformation out there
It's so hard to find the truth and unfortunately it's going to take looking at other places for for the truth
It's going to be that's why we formed frontline doctors here to try to help get the the real information out there
I'm dr. James today. Oh
Yeah, so um most of my thoughts. I actually publish on twitter
This twitter has been great lately. So my my james tadaro m d t o d a r o
Md but I also have a website medicine uncensored.com which contains kind of a lot of the information about hydroxychloroquine
I think is is much more objective than what's going on in other media channels
For twitter there
So so i'll go ahead and address that real quickly
I would say facebook and youtube have taken the most draconian measures to silence and censorship people
And this is coming from the ceo of youtube as well as marx dockerburg saying anything that goes against what the world health organization has said
Is subject to censorship and we all know the world health organization has made a number of mistakes during this pandemic
They have not been perfect by any means twitter
Although they have some flaws and faults and flags certain contents of they really still remain one of the freest
platforms to share dialogue intelligent discussion regarding this information and many of us here today actually
Connected on social platform mediums like that
Sure thing sure
Dr. Joe latipo i'm a physician at ucla and i'm a clinical researcher also
And i'm speaking for myself and not on behalf of ucla
So i i want to say that um so i'm thinking of the people who are behind the screens that that are watching what you guys are broadcasting
And i want to share with you because there's there's so much controversy and and the atmosphere so full of of conflict right now
That what this group of doctors is trying to do
Fundamentally is really to bring more light
To this conversation about how we manage
COVID-19 and the the huge challenge and that's what this is that's what this is ultimately about
And bringing light to something means
Thinking more about trade-offs about one of my colleagues said um
Unintended consequences and i actually think that's not even the right uh that's not the right word the right word is unanticipated consequences
Really thinking about the implications of the decisions we're making in this really
You know really extraordinary time that we're in
So, you know, so i'm sure people are listening to some of the discussion about
um hydroxychloroquine and wondering what are these doctors talking about and you know
These are these are doctors that take care of patients board certified med school great med schools all of that
You know, how could they possibly be saying this?
You know, i walk cnn and nbc and they don't say anything about this
And and that's actually that's the point. There's like there's um
There are issues that are moral issues that really there should be a singular voice, you know, so for me, you know
Issues related to whether people are treated differently based on their sex or race or you know or or you know
There's sexual orientation. I think those are I personally think those are moral issues and there's only one
Position on those but coven 19 is not a moral issue
Coven 19 is a challenging complex issue that we benefit from having multiple perspectives on
So it's not good for the american people when everyone is hearing one perspective on the main on the main stations
There's just there's no way that's going to service
So, you know, so the perspective most people have been hearing is that hydroxychloroquine
Doesn't work, right? That's the perspective that most people have been hearing on the main street television
And I believe that perspective too
Until I started talking to doctors who would look more closely that some of the physicians behind me here
Would look more closely at the data and at the studies
So it is a fact that several randomized trials have come out so far
That's our highest level of evidence and have shown that hydroxychloroquine their findings have generally been
There's no significant effect on health in those on on
There's no significant health benefit
So that's the fact that the randomized controlled trials have come out to so far that have come out
In fact, there were two or three big ones that came out over the last two weeks and annals of internal medicine newly journal of medicine
And I think one other journal
It is also a fact that there have been several observational studies
So these are just not randomized controlled trials but patients who are getting treated with this medication
That have found that hydroxychloroquine improves outcomes
So both of those things are true. So there's evidence against it and there's evidence for it
It is also a fact that we are in an extraordinarily challenging time
So I find this interesting because
Domain already kicked out the name ivermectin domain already kicked out the name remdesivir domain already kicked out the name
Coxib and already kicked out the name femotadi
And yet these doctors are
Are very adamant that it's actually hydroxychloroquine
That works and haven't mentioned any of those other drugs that the flcc all uses in combination, right? They use all kinds of different things
And this group is really hydroxychloroquine and zinc hydroxychloroquine and zinc right to the
Finish line which is an interesting just just note that that's what we have here
Again, you could see this as
As a certain team a certain side there's a very distinct opinion that's different from the other side that might say
Ivermectin or or something like that. So I find it
Given those given those considerations
How can the right answer be to limit?
Physicians use of the medication that that can't possibly be the right answer
And when you consider that this medication before coven 19 had been used for decades, right?
By patients with rheumatoid arthritis by patients with lupus by patients with other conditions by patients who needed, you know
Who are traveling to west africa and needed malaria prophylaxis?
They we've been using it for a long time, but all of a sudden it's
It's elevated to this area of looking like some poisonous drug
That that just doesn't make sense
And and then when you add on to that the fact that we've had two
Of the biggest journals in the world new normal journal of medicine and lancet as my colleagues say retract studies that found
Interestingly that hydroxychloroquine
Harm patients right both of these studies and they had to retract these studies, which really is unheard of
That's that should raise everyone's concern about what is going on
So at the very least we can live in a world where there are differences of opinion about the effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine
But still allow more data to come, you know still allow physicians who feel like they have expertise
With it use their use that medication and still you know talk and learn and and get better
At helping people with covid-19
So so why we're not there is is not is not good doesn't make sense and we need to get out of there
Wow, is that really an anagram?
That's a little bit of that
I have seen 350 patients and counting put them on hydroxychloroquine. They all got better
This one I would say to all those studies
They had high doses. They were given the wrong patients. I will call them fake science
Any study that says hydroxychloroquine doesn't work is fake science
And I want them to show me how it doesn't work
How is it gonna work for 350 patients for me and they are all alive and then somebody say it doesn't work guys all them studies fake science
Thank you
Yeah
Yeah, I don't understand I don't understand how you would go to that conclusion
If the problem was if the schools are shut down and it's causing it and we need to open up the schools
Wow, that's really interesting that dynamic at that. Yeah, I would go to the school
I would open up the schools because the most important thing for children is to socialize and to be with other kids and to learn. Yeah
Yeah, let's get kids back in school
Kids back in school your favorite kids back and thank you everyone
Thank you very much
And we are going to be going back live on continuing our summit so you can continue watching
Once we get back. We may be running a couple minutes late, but we'll be back right around three o'clock
Thank you so much everyone and thank you for coming for the the press conference
Oh, he's given more statements over there
It's a fake
So depression is caused by low zinc levels and low and when you go into a hospital now
Right
Covid loss of sense of smell loss of taste right
And the reason is because zinc is the natural thing that used to fight the covid what happens is
The zinc stops RNA polymerase
And the hydroxychloroquine allows the zinc to go into the cells
I'm wondering to stop the RNA polymerase
Because there was a
It was about the period of the science behind it
So the so you so if you allow the zinc I understand and yeah, let me explain it a little bit better
The zinc stops RNA polymerase and it's used up by yourselves in the normal fighting of covid
So if you never took hydroxychloroquine, you'd still be zinc depleted
We're in a natural state of zinc depletion in the united states, but the covid decreases your zinc even more
Wow
Wait
So he's saying that when you fight the novel pathogen when you fight the RNA you use up your zinc
And because it's spreading around the united states right now
Everybody's in a zinc depleted state because we've been fighting
the coronavirus holy balls
That's that's something very special
And the insistence on needing to say the RNA polymerase that zinc fights the RNA polymerase
I want to teach you the science behind it RNA polymerase
If you're not going to tell this lady what a polymerase is what the hell does that mean to her
So
Wow
I mean wow
Problem with children on psych units that they have losing levels
No, no, no, we're talking about the covid and how that
Okay, so my question was about if federal funds should be diverted to helping therapists
Social workers and other frontline workers to deal with the psychological issues that were meant to think of all of the
Think of all of the just it's a perpetual list of nonsense questions that you ask
Once you start accepting the faith in a novel virus that could kill millions of people
There's all kinds of crazy questions to ask what should we do about x y z a b and c
Wow, it's amazing and all these people think that they're engaging and figuring it out together
That shutdowns in the government and school closures cause an increase in suicidal ideation and substance abuse and anxiety
But so those environmental factors are what caused those mental health issues
So doesn't it stand to reason that then funds to help those institutions deal with the problem should be receiving more funding
I'm going to defer to my psychiatry
Yeah, and then I mean first we need to take care of the biological basis
Which is the zinc?
Which is the vitamin d lack of vitamin d?
We're dumping our milk
We're dumping our milk in the gutters right in the middle pitch right now
And if we would get that to the kid that's hard to believe if we would get that to the kids out of school
That would be very helpful. Okay, so I'll defer to my
So my question. I still haven't gotten a clear answer
I'm trying to answer it's not you know public policies. Not my answer
Oh, no, it's not really about it's not my expertise either actually
I'm wondering since your colleague said that as a result of school closures and government shut
What caused an increase in suicidal ladies and anxiety substance abuse and a variety of other issues
I'm wondering if federal funding should be diverted to
Only a couple more minutes. It's only a couple more minutes
I see it this way
Harm has already come is what we're saying so the answer the question is harm has already come
Which should we do about that harm and I don't I don't know the inner workings of the government but the actual
To say that harm has already come and say that we're going to do something about it makes sense
To me as a doctor, I think if we know harm has come if you and I know we already got run over by a car
I think it makes sense. So let me go ahead and go
Yeah, so I think it makes a lot of sense. So I'm going to just say to me makes sense
And I think it's fair. I appreciate the well-rounded concern. It just kind of stops with concern and it doesn't
Continue into action
And the congressman and I'm not sure who it was. Maybe you could actually
Give patience in the you guys. This is not pretty bright part news
So
The faith in a novel virus was definitely not questioned at all there right and it wasn't questioned at all there
And they actually were very certain about their particular solution hydroxychloroquine and zinc
Hydroxychloroquine and zinc there was nothing else at play all the ventilation doesn't matter
We don't need to talk about excess oxygen being given to people who don't need it
We don't need to talk about the irrelevance of pulse ox or
Or the role of of core morbidities and any of the other people dying co-morbidities are just in kids
I don't know if you noticed that or not, but that's the only time they talked about co-morbidities in people dying in hospitals was kids
Not adults being given remdesivir or adults that are being ventilated to stop spread or adults that are being given
60 liters of oxygen a minute or whatever it was that
That we found in in Mark's video that he just recently posted
And so it doesn't matter because this faith is a lie we've got to figure it out
But if the faith is definitely a lie and staging the pandemic required murder and that means that you need people to explain it
You
Need people to make sure that you don't see it as murder
It's just that they're not giving them hydroxychloroquine and zinc
They don't mean to kill them. They're following the protocols. We've just got to get this out
If we can get this information out, I'm sure we can turn this train around
And so a trackable gain of function RNA went endemic and now we're going to
To fix the problem. That's basically it
That's really where they were and they didn't get any farther than that because that's all they've got and uh, we're fighting that now
Um
Not going to do the whole summary here because i'm hungry and I need to eat
Um, I hope that you understand that we are at a point now
Where
They have told themselves this lie for so long that AI and computers if we have enough data can solve all these problems
Can make us
Reach the transgenic goal of of of immortality
Of uploading our consciousness, whatever it is
These lies have been told for a long long time and the people with
With the control over weaponized piles of money actually still believe a lot of these lies are possible in the very near future
And that's why they want us to teach this mythology of a new world order where
Dangerous viruses can come out of batcaves or laboratories to our children so that they can enslave our children under these
ideas
And it's not much different than us allowing them to use social media on our children
If your teenager is depressed like mine is it might be because we are allowing them to use social media that depresses them
We are allowing other men to control us with machines. It's not AI
It's just programming
You don't have to have a magic box that we don't understand what's going on when people are willing to just program things
To promote certain people and to silence other people
And then to lie about it. It's just an algorithm, man
Ladies and gentlemen, stop all transfections and humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
This has been giggle and biological where intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
And
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic
Um, you can find me at giggle and biological.com
We had a little hiccup on stream dot giggle home dot bio yesterday
And we testing it again today to see what happened
Some strip error made the stream not upload to the back server
So we're trying to fix that now. I don't know if anybody checked
The stream over there at stream dot giggle and dot bio
I'm gonna start I think in the next month doing a stream exclusively on that one every once in a while
Just to force people to try and use it so I can figure out how well
It's working for a live stream
This has been a production of the independent right way of that's a group of people who
Trust one another because of our track record and trust one another because we say what we mean
And we mean what we say we correct ourselves when necessary and we're humble enough to do that. Um
I don't know what's gonna be here
Oh, that that's funny. That's another new one. I got there
Check that out
Anyway, I'll see you guys again soon
I
Already got in touch with uh at griffin. I think i'm gonna talk to him tomorrow on the phone
He's already invited me to the red pill expo
Um, I'm so excited to talk to him. Um, it's crazy. Thank you very much for helping that happen
Um, there were a couple people who were working on getting me connected with
With ed griffin and it has actually happened he called me yesterday and uh, we were gonna talk today, but
Schedules got kind of crossed and so i'm gonna try and call him tomorrow, but for sure
Um, we are connected and that's really something that I mean is in 20 years in the making man 20 years in the making
So it's really exciting. Thank you very much. And uh, I'll see you guys again tomorrow
We're trying to make this a daily thing and i'm not i'm not trying to talk smack anymore. I'm trying to be serious
Daily